Ingrid Michaelson at The Ark, Ann Arbor 8/9/10
Published on August 11, 2010.
I went to see Ingrid Michaelson with my .
gf at The Ark in Ann Arbor on August 9th, 2010.
This was the third time I’ve seen her in concert, which is the most times I’ve seen anyone in concert, I think.
Besides the band I was in myself, which doesn’t count.
I had recently seen her and the band in Seattle in October last year .
I was hoping there’d be a lot of new material, but for the most part it was a lot of songs from her latest two albums, Everybody and Be Okay / Girls and Boys .
She played one new song called “Parachute” that was catchy.
As usual, Ingrid and the band came off as genuinely having a good time.
I think it helped that this was a fan show (they pre-sold out to the fan email list) and they had been opening for a band so no one knew who they were for the past few shows.
As with any live show, the best parts are when the band does something unexpected.
In this show, they mixed in the chorus from Poker Face into Soldier (I think they might’ve done that last time, too), did a cover of Britney Spears’ Toxic as a last song (before they left for an encore) and also played a punky fast version of The Way I Am as their real last song (which they also played at normal speed earlier in the show).
Overall, It was a really fun show.
Ingrid and the band really have a good time, and it rubs off on the fans, especially in a small venue like The Ark.
Hopefully a new album is on the way.
I’d like to hear more new material next time.